Nana starts with an introduction with a roadmap of what is IT all about, showing the variety of career paths in the field of Information Technology, with the likes of Software Engineer, Cloud Engineer, Data Scientist, Data Analyst, DevOps Engineer, Security Engineer, and Machine Learning Engineer. She further discusses each career and the vital aspects of how to attain these specific careers. Nana in the video has provided a clear path on what to do first, and how to do it in specific careers, with respect to the individuals that are considering changing careers and entering the world of IT. She then proceeded to present an overview of the careers discussed, their tasks and responsibilities, and the skills needed to obtain the career.  She delves into the essential aspects needed to carry out a successful career in each domain.
  
Embarking on a journey of taking the risk on the career path you have chosen in life is quite scary, filled with uncertainties, and oblivion on what steps to take first, it’s very challenging, but it’s exciting at the same time. With this, switching careers can be daunting and challenging as well. Nana acknowledges the apprehension associated with this transition like you’re a complete beginner again. She gave a clear glimpse into the potential outcomes of pursuing the careers mentioned in the video. Although she wasn’t able to discuss all kinds of career paths you can take in IT, she has presented a variety and the wide array of jobs available in the field of Information Technology. Nana’s breakdown of the aspects of each IT career path is like having a detailed guidebook, that makes it easier to view the career itself and take action as to now we’re able to know how we can further expand our knowledge and enhance our skills that are necessary to the path we’ve chosen ourselves. Choosing a career and moving on to another that’s opposite, is a huge risk, it’s a decision that could impact our lives for better or for worse. Going to work is a vital aspect of life, other people consider achieving their dream job or career is enough for their life to have meaning. Therefore, it’s important to assess deeply within yourself what you truly want, desire, and most importantly what will be best for you in the long run. We have the power to choose what we want to be, and we should use that privilege for good because at the end of the day, personal fulfillment is what will matter.

In conclusion, Nana was able to give an insightful exploration and overview of IT and its various career paths. She has given clear and straightforward guidance on the career paths. May it be a beginner who’s oblivious to how to achieve their dream career or a person who’s feeling unfulfillment in their current job and wants to venture into the realm of Information Technology, she was able to cater to both types of individuals, giving a roadmap with information on how to start their IT path. Nana’s presentation serves as a beacon, a guide through the complex world of IT, empowering individuals who are in a state of oblivion and fear, to not be afraid of risks as it all comes to hard work, and it’ll all pay off.
